Add 3keyecosystem and 2key2 keyboard (#14023)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/3keyecosystem/2key2/readme.md

# 3-Key-Ecosystem - 2key2

![keyboard](https://i.imgur.com/IJ1Zyc7.jpeg)

This is a 2x1 macro keyboard with WS2812B key lighting.
It's designed for a modular keyboard mount using an ATmega32U4.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [softplus](https://github.com/softplus)
* Hardware Supported: [3keyecosystem-2key2](https://github.com/softplus/3keyecosystem/tree/main/2key2)
* Hardware Availability: Open-Source files at above link

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     `make 3keyecosystem/2key2:default`
> 
> or flash it (requires hitting the reset button on the main board):
> 
>     `make 3keyecosystem/2key2:default:flash`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make 3keyecosystem/2key2:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make 3keyecosystem/2key2:default:flash
```
